#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via minio
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
boto3==1.39.2
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.39.2
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
branca==0.8.1
    # via folium
cachetools==6.1.0
    # via streamlit
celery[redis]==5.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   minio
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   streamlit
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
faiss-cpu==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.115.14
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fiona==1.10.1
    # via rasterstats
folium==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
geopandas==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   osmnx
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via streamlit
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.33.2
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   branca
    #   folium
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu[redis]==5.5.4
    # via celery
langchain==0.3.26
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.67
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-openai==0.3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.0
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.5.2
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.72
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
minio==7.2.15
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
narwhals==1.45.0
    # via altair
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   osmnx
    #   torch
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   folium
    #   geopandas
    #   osmnx
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   pyogrio
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
openai==1.93.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
osmnx==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   geopandas
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kombu
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pyogrio
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   osmnx
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via click-repl
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via streamlit
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.23.0
    # via minio
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pyogrio==0.11.0
    # via geopandas
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via rasterio
pyproj==3.7.1
    # via geopandas
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
rasterio==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rasterstats
rasterstats==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==5.2.1
    # via kombu
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   folium
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   osmnx
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==2.1.1
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   osmnx
    #   rasterstats
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via rasterstats
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via langchain
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.46.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
torch==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
tornado==6.5.1
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.53.0
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   minio
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   minio
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
xyzservices==2025.4.0
    # via folium
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
